feat: type-safe `import.meta.env.BROWSER` with new `targetBrowers` config (#1574)
wxt-dev/wxt: docs/guide/essentials/config/environment-variables.md

| `import.meta.env.EDGE`             | `boolean` | Equivalent to `import.meta.env.BROWSER === "edge"`    |
| `import.meta.env.OPERA`            | `boolean` | Equivalent to `import.meta.env.BROWSER === "opera"`   |

> The `BROWSER` can be a safer literal string union type of all browser names that you want to support, see [`targetBrowsers`](/api/reference/wxt/interfaces/InlineConfig#targetbrowsers) option.

Reviewer: "safer literal string union type" is a mouthful lol. Let's go with something a little easier to understand:

```suggestion
You can set the [`targetBrowsers`](/api/reference/wxt/interfaces/InlineConfig#targetbrowsers) option to make the `BROWSER` variable a more specific type, like `"chrome" | "firefox"`.
```
